12
HEB Premium White Grapes
3343
Top of the vine quality and picked for perfection! H‑E‑B Premium White Grapes are big, juicy and delicious! These seedless grapes are perfect for snacking or in salads or smoothies. Freeze and puree H‑E‑B Premium White Grapes to create a naturally sweet and frosty treat to enjoy on a warm day!
7.49
whiteGrapes.PNG
HEB Premium Red Grapes
3344
HEB Premium Red Grapes are top of the vine quality and picked for perfection! H‑E‑B seedless grapes are sweet, juicy, and bursting with flavor in every bite! Enjoy them fresh as a healthy snack or as an addition to salads, cheese boards or drinks. Take your meals to the next level by sautéing, roasting or grilling H‑E‑B Premium Red Grapes.
7.49
redGrapes.PNG
Honeycrisp Apples
34674
Honeycrisp apples have a yellow background covered with a red to pink blush. A balanced content of sugar and acid gives Honeycrisp apples a pleasant sweet-tart flavor that varies in strength depending upon the maturity of the apple. Honeycrisp apples maintain their sweet flavor even when cooked. Try baked into a crisp or pie. Remove the skin and slow cook slices to make applesauce, preserves and apple butter. Their crisp texture shines in raw preparations, dice and add to coleslaw and chopped salads or slice thin and add to sandwiches and burgers.
1.76
honeyCrispApples.PNG
HEB Organics Ambrosia Apples
78345
As pretty as a sunrise, with a pink and yellow tinted skin. Ambrosia apples are light, crisp and as sweet as honey. They pair perfectly with dips to snack on or chop and add onto your favorite salad. Remove the skin and slow cook slices to make applesauce, preserves and apple butter.
4.10
AmApples.PNG
Organic Bartlett Pears
46729
Bartlett pears are crunchy, tart and slightly gritty off the tree. When fully ripe, they develop a juicy, smooth and buttery texture with a sweet flavor. They are delicious both raw and cooked. They can be eaten fresh, out-of-hand, added to salads for a sweet flavor, or blended into a granita to top ice cream. Slice Bartlett pears into wedges and serve with Parmigiano-Reggiano on your next cheese board, layer in a grill cheese, or use as a pizza topping.
1.52each
BPears.PNG
Fresh Watermelon in a Bowl, Large
78569
Enjoy our fresh seedless watermelon chunks thats ready for you to enjoy!
5.49each
watermelonBox.PNG
Fresh Cotton Candy Grapes
3345
They may look like your average green grape, but there is nothing average about Cotton Candy grapes! Each bite tastes like your favorite spun-sugar treat. They are sweet and juicy with a hint of vanilla!
10.57
CGrapes.PNG
Fresh Smitten Apples
43582
Once bitten, forever smitten! Perfectly well-balanced flavor with a refreshing sweetness, they pair wonderfully with your favorite cheeses or dips. Sweeten up your next savory pork dish with roasted or caramelized Smitten apples
1.12each
notHere.PnG
Fresh Gala Apples
47862
The Gala apple has a creamy yellow skin with pink to reddish stripes. It's distinctively sweet and crisp flavor makes it perfect a perfect addition to oatmeal or on salads. It's thin skin and firm texture make it an easy and delicious snack to slice up and enjoy raw
3.07each
honeyCrispApples.PNG
HEB Ready, Fresh, Go! Sliced Red Apples
69391
Enjoy a healthy snack on the go with H‑E‑B Sliced Red Apples! Ready to eat and enjoy.
4.10each
honeyCrispApples.PNG
HEB Organics Opal Gold Apples
682145
Opal Golds are a beautifully bright yellow apple with a sweet and tangy flavor.
4.10
test.png
HEB Ready, Fresh, Go! Sliced Green Apples
29495
Enjoy a healthy snack on the go with H‑E‑B Sliced Green Apples! Ready to eat and enjoy.
4.10
nope.png
